What a big breath
Please listen, old man
He can't even chew on the king when he says this
That's right, you can't keep people like Dad
In case the king blames
We have to implicate our Bai family, right?
Just get him out of here
Jiu Ge is a human being
Please invite the Bai family master
You insist on treating the ninth brother as a human being
I don't know why you are looking for a fake
Side by side king
To fool everyone
But I'm waiting in the spirit of gathering and dispersing
I don't want to break up with you
So I hope you can understand
He is the king side by side
Brother Jiu
Since you insist
Then we just got it right today
Start today.
The marriage between your temple and our Bai family is broken
Grandpa, how could you do that?
I am the chef of the Bai family
I decide
You, a junior, have no right to object